All right welcome back my students.
Hopefully you got your relationships working.
All right and I mean your eloquent relationships are right now your personal stuff anyway.
So you're going to see me doing things a long way in this course.
And the reason why I do that is because I want you to think outside the box.
I want you to think how can I do this better.
And that's the mentality I want you to do half because I'm going to create things one way.
But then you might have a different mentality not than I do you might be faster in your mind than me
you might be slower.
So I want you to do it your own way.
Once you finish a course of course.
But I want you always think outside the box and always think how you can make the code better.
Don't come in the discussion and say Edwin this way's better show me now right Edwin.
This is the way I'm doing it.
What do you think.
All right.
So anyway I'm going to be using thinker a little bit here because I don't want you to forget about it
.
A very useful tool.
I don't know if you remember that we try this a couple of times.
BHB artisan thinker.
Right.
Cool.
So now we are inside the thinker shell and let's just clear things out.
All right we're going to create an object and we already have a user so we have to do is fine.
So we're going to use a namespace user.
And then right here we can actually use one of the methods we can say find number one.
And once we do that automatically we have these user in is variable.
All right.
And we can find them all right now.
We can actually check the relationship right.
We can say user role enter.
And now we can see that our user is an administrator.
We can also insert records here remember that we can persist persist data with thinker.
So he says a lot a lot of info.
A lot of time by you know go into the browser and doing it manually like this.
We can do it on command.
All this stuff and we can actually even get more practice doing it this way.
All right so now that we are testing our relationships everything is great here.
Right.
We can even create another user.
If you remember how to do that right.
Can you remember.
All right let's let's create a user right away and let's use NIXEY Kru user create a right
name and I'm going to leave it up to you guys.
You thought I was going to do it.
I'm going to leave this up to use if you want to go ahead and create another user.
Go ahead and try this.
I will want you to play around with anger a little bit so you can get used to where right don't.
Don't go lazy don't go lazy and try to do it this way.
I do it this way and play around with think a little bit.
Anyway I see you and I like you guys.
Take care.